README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><b>🔗Link Bypasser Bot</b></h1>
<p align="center"><b>Powerful & Lightweight Telegram Bot to bypass Ad Links.🔥</b></p>
<div align="center"><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/TheCaduceus/Link-Bypasser/blob/main/Link_Pass.ipynb"><img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/84f0493939e0c4de4e6dbe113251b4bfb5353e57134ffd9fcab6b8714514d4d1/68747470733a2f2f636f6c61622e72657365617263682e676f6f676c652e636f6d2f6173736574732f636f6c61622d62616467652e737667"></a></div>

<p><b>🌟Public running Bot instance: <a href="https://DrLinkBot.t.me/">@DrLinkBot</a></b></p>

## ⚙️Installation
**First verify your machine have <a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/">Python with PIP</a> & <a href="https://git-scm.com/downloads">Git</a> installed.**

**1.Download Repository:**
```
git clone https://github.com/TheCaduceus/Link-Bypasser-Bot.git
```
**2.Install Requirements:**
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
**3.Fill `config.py`:**
```
nano config.py
```
**4.Run the Bot:**
```
py main.py
```
## ✏️ Variables
**Below given variables should be filled in <a href="https://github.com/TheCaduceus/Link-Bypasser-Bot/blob/main/config.py">config.py</a> file**
- **`TOKEN` Enter Bot API Token from <a href="https://BotFather.t.me">@BotFather</a>**
- **`CRYPT` Enter GdToT Crypt cookie to bypass GdToT links.(Optional)**
- **`XSRF TOKEN` Enter your Sharer.pw `XSRF_TOKEN` cookie.**
- **`Laravel Session` Enter your Sharer.pw Laravel Session cookie.**
- **`KOLOP_CRYPT` Your KOLOP Crypt. (Optional)**
- **`DRIVEFIRE_CRYPT` Enter DRIVEFIRE Crypt! (Optional)**
- **`HUBDRIVE_CRYPT` Enter HUBDRIVE Crypt. (Optional)**
- **`KATDRIVE_CRYPT` Enter KATDRIVE Crypt. (Optional)**
- **`UPTOBOX_TOKEN` Enter UPTOBOX Token. (Optional)**
---


## Commands for <a href="https://BotFather.t.me">@BotFather</a>

```
start - Welcome Message with supported sites
dl - ddl
af - adfly
gp - gplinks
dp - droplink
lv - linkvertise
rl - rocklinks
gd - google drive look-alike
ot - others
ou - ouo
gt - gdtot
sh - sharer.pw
ps - psa.pm
st - shorte
pi - pixl
gy - gyanilinks
sg - shortingly
su - shareus
fc - filecrypt
ko - kolop
df - drivefire
hd - hubdrive
kd - katdrive
```
## 🍵Other Projects
- **<a href="https://drgraph.cf/">Dr.Graph</a>: Online Anonymous Text / Pasting platform without limits.**
- **<a href="https://drfilestreambot.t.me/">Dr.FileStreamBot</a>: Get Download / Stream links for Telegram files and use as host.**

Commit message:

📇Add Logging + Values from System Environment (#4)
- 📇 Add Logging to `runtime-log.txt`
- Get System Environment Values

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><b>🔗Link Bypasser Bot</b></h1>
<p align="center"><b>Powerful & Lightweight Telegram Bot to bypass Ad Links.🔥</b></p>
<div align="center"><a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/TheCaduceus/Link-Bypasser/blob/main/Link_Pass.ipynb"><img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/84f0493939e0c4de4e6dbe113251b4bfb5353e57134ffd9fcab6b8714514d4d1/68747470733a2f2f636f6c61622e72657365617263682e676f6f676c652e636f6d2f6173736574732f636f6c61622d62616467652e737667"></a></div>

<p><b>🌟Public running Bot instance: <a href="https://DrLinkBot.t.me/">@DrLinkBot</a></b></p>

## ⚙️Installation
**First verify your machine have <a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/">Python with PIP</a> & <a href="https://git-scm.com/downloads">Git</a> installed.**

**1.Download Repository:**
```
git clone https://github.com/TheCaduceus/Link-Bypasser-Bot.git
```
**2.Install Requirements:**
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
**3.Fill `config.py`:**
```
nano config.py
```
**4.Run the Bot:**
```
py main.py
```
**5.Getting Logs:**
```
cat runtime-log.txt
```
**By Default, Bot saves all live runtime logs in `runtime-log.txt` file! If you tackle any error then don't forget to share your log file.**
## ✏️ Variables
**Below given variables should be filled in <a href="https://github.com/TheCaduceus/Link-Bypasser-Bot/blob/main/config.py">config.py</a> file or can be set as Environment Variable.**
- **`Get_ENV` Enter `True` if you want to get Values from System environment or `False` if simply putting in `config.py` itself**
- **`TOKEN` Enter Bot API Token from <a href="https://BotFather.t.me">@BotFather</a>**
- **`CRYPT` Enter GdToT Crypt cookie to bypass GdToT links.(Optional)**
- **`XSRF TOKEN` Enter your Sharer.pw `XSRF_TOKEN` cookie.**
- **`Laravel Session` Enter your Sharer.pw Laravel Session cookie.**
- **`KOLOP_CRYPT` Your KOLOP Crypt. (Optional)**
- **`DRIVEFIRE_CRYPT` Enter DRIVEFIRE Crypt. (Optional)**
- **`HUBDRIVE_CRYPT` Enter HUBDRIVE Crypt. (Optional)**
- **`KATDRIVE_CRYPT` Enter KATDRIVE Crypt. (Optional)**
- **`UPTOBOX_TOKEN` Enter UPTOBOX Token. (Optional)**
---


## Commands for <a href="https://BotFather.t.me">@BotFather</a>

```
start - Welcome Message with supported sites
dl - ddl
af - adfly
gp - gplinks
dp - droplink
lv - linkvertise
rl - rocklinks
gd - google drive look-alike
ot - others
ou - ouo
gt - gdtot
sh - sharer.pw
ps - psa.pm
st - shorte
pi - pixl
gy - gyanilinks
sg - shortingly
su - shareus
fc - filecrypt
ko - kolop
df - drivefire
hd - hubdrive
kd - katdrive
ddllist - DDL supported sites
gdlist - Gdrive look-alike sites.
otlist - Others supported sites
```
## 🍵Other Projects
- **<a href="https://drgraph.cf/">Dr.Graph</a>: Online Anonymous Text / Pasting platform without limits.**
- **<a href="https://drfilestreambot.t.me/">Dr.FileStreamBot</a>: Get Download / Stream links for Telegram files and use as host.**
